[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> All right.
Hello to you.
This is Sasha.
>> Hi, Sasha.
>> Nice to see you today.
>> Nice to see you.
Thanks for being here and being
part of this big adventure
show that I've got going on.
>> It is our pleasure.
How may we serve you today?
>> I have several questions.
First, I'd like to sort of
ask a little bit of background
on the Pleiades.
And I-- my understanding
of the place
is that it's a big star
system with many stars
and many planets
and many beings,
and maybe get an idea of more
of your planet, your history,
and whether that's a
collective or an individual.
Maybe, let's ask this first,
what density do you reside in?
>> We are within what you
would call the higher levels
of fourth density.
>> Oh.
>> So we still have
physical bodies.
>> OK.
>> But we know that our planet
and our people is making--
on our way to making
the transition
to no longer having bodies.
>> So-- so almost--
well, fifth-- my understanding--
and I could be wrong--
but fifth--
fifth, sixth density would be
more losing the body sense.
But on the fourth
density as well?
>> In the scale that we use,
which is seven densities--
>> Right.
>> --the fourth density is
the last density in which
physicality is expressed
as a separate body.
>> OK.
>> As you begin moving
into fifth density,
then you become more
plasmic in nature.
>> I see.
>> So you could kind
of say light beings.
>> OK.
>> But as you go
farther and farther,
deeper and deeper
into fifth density,
then it becomes less
individualized and you start
moving more towards collective.
>> Would-- are dream states
be a fifth density reality?
What density would you
classify the dreams in?
>> Well, this is a metaphor
that we've used in the past
for another project.
We're going to resurrect it
here because it's very useful.
>> Mm-hmm.
>> If you consider the idea of
a golden lake to be your state
of oneness in
complete integration,
the state of sleep is the time
when, in a sense, you revisit,
or reconnect, with
that state of oneness.
So we wouldn't say that it is
necessarily a separate density.
The dream state is another
expression of consciousness
as you are reconnecting
with your true nature.
>> I see.
So it's not even--
it's almost in its
own classification.
>> Exactly.
>> Sort of like angelic realms.
Well, angelic realms I've
heard are borderline somewhere
around seventh--
sixth, seventh, eighth
density sort of thing.
But is that-- do they
have a classification?
>> Well, based on
what you're saying,
it seems we're using
different scales.
>> I see.
Yes.
OK.
>> So obviously, the answers
are going to be a little bit
confusing.
For us, it's a
seven density scale.
>> OK.
>> So we consider the angelic
realm to be more sixth density.
>> OK.
All right.
This is good because
I-- you know,
having, again, this scale
or base to ask questions
from and sort of
go back and forth,
it helps the audience sort of
put the pieces of the puzzle
together, formulate
their own ideas.
>> Yes.
>> Because a lot of the same--
sometimes, we use
same terminologies,
but, like we just noticed,
that it might be just slightly
a little bit different.
>> Yes.
If we will-- if we can say
just a little bit more about
density, just to give
a broader perspective--
>> Yes.
>> --for those
who are listening.
The best way to describe our
version of the communications
about density is to liken
it to the idea of a rainbow.
So when you have the
original white light that
then passes through a prism
and becomes a rainbow,
those seven light
frequencies that you see
are kind of representative
of the idea of the densities
of consciousness.
But if you look at
them very closely,
a rainbow for instance--
>> Yes.
>> --there's not a sharp
division between each one.
>> Right.
>> There's a gradation.
>> Correct, yeah.
>> So consciousness, thus,
moves from its original state
of oneness through the
fragmentation and through
series of different
types of expression.
The densest being
third density, which
is where humanity is leaving
from, because it's egoic based.
>> OK.
>> And then, you begin moving
out of that ego-based reality
and back into the collective.
>> I've also--
wonderful analogy.
I've also-- most
of the analogies
I've heard it's sort of
related to the chakra system,
which, again, is
related to the rainbow.
So it's--
>> Yes, exactly.
>> It sort of goes full circle.
>> Exactly.
>> So, you know, I've heard that
our plant and animal kingdom
are second density
consciousness.
>> Yes.
>> And, you know, I was going
to save this question for later,
but because of how
we're going things,
we might as well
put this in now.
As we are moving
into fourth density,
and we're sort of in that
blending of the rainbow phase,
I would say early phase,
where are our animals--
are they blending into
the third density?
>> Ah.
OK.
There are two ways
to look at this idea.
One is a linear way and
one is a holographic way.
>> OK.
So if you are to look at it from
the perspective of linearity,
which is what humans
are more familiar with--
>> Yes.
>> --then what you would see
is that the other species
and the other consciousness
around you is moving also.
So from the linear
perspective, you're
going to find that the
species on your world
that you might consider
the higher second density
species, such as the primates,
and certain bird species, et
cetera, they are, too,
making a transition
to third density, which means,
then, the development of ego.
So you're starting to see even
in dogs and certain animals
more symptoms of ego.
Ego, of course, not
meaning a negative thing.
Ego is simply a mechanism
that grounds you
in the experience of separation
for a higher purpose.
>> Mm-hmm.
>> OK.
So in that sense, then,
that's the linear--
>> Right.
>> --perspective.
Now, if you were to look at
the holographic principle
of this idea, we're
going-- again,
we have to speak in metaphors.
>> Yes.
>> We're going to ask you to
imagine seven rooms that nest
inside each other like boxes--
like those Japanese boxes.
Yes?
>> OK.
Right.
>> And the bigger box that
contains the smaller boxes
would be more representative
of seventh density.
>> OK.
So from the holographic
perspective,
you exist in all of those boxes,
thus in all of the densities.
And it's simply a
matter of perspective
about the you that is choosing
to notice the experience it's
having at any given time.
But it is all simultaneous.
So in that sense, there's
no movement, linearly--
>> Right.
>> --from one
density to another.
It's a complete expression,
a complete experience
on all levels, simultaneously.
>> Right.
I saw-- would that relate to
platonic solids or geometrical
shapes--
>> Exactly, yes.
>> --as well?
There's a great video
I just saw online--
maybe I'll post it,
here, in this video--
where all of these platonic
solids were inside each other.
>> Exactly.
>> And they sort
of pull them apart.
>> Exactly.
The platonic solids are
a wonderful metaphor
for the density energy
and also for the evolution
of consciousness as it
moves from separation
back into integration.
There is one workshop
we do where we actually
equate each of the densities
to different platonic solids.
>> Oh, perfect.
OK.
>> It's the same idea, yes.
>> Oh, excellent.
And would that mean,
then, our first density
minerals and, you know,
rocks and these sorts of--
is water, I guess, consider
a first density being?
>> Yes.
Yes.
>> Would-- would that sort of
move into the second density,
then, and start having
sentiment consciousness?
>> Well, the thing about
first density-- again, we're--
we're challenged by
the two perspectives,
linear and holographic.
>> Right, I guess what I'm
saying is in a linear sense.
>> In a linear sense.
>> Yeah.
>> In a linear sense, we have
to say that the first density,
consciousness, is a
little bit different.
>> OK.
>> Because the first
density consciousness,
being the first manifestation
into the reality of separation,
is the building
blocks of creation.
So it's your periodic
table of the elements.
>> Mm-hmm.
>> It's all those--
that stuff of creation.
>> Right.
>> Now, the higher forms, then,
like high first density would
be the mineral
kingdom, as an example.
>> Oh, I see.
OK.
>> And--
>> Oh, OK, OK.
So--
>> Yes.
>> So just like with our--
for, like, you guys
being on a higher
end of the fourth
density spectrum--
so you still have
physical bodies like us.
The craft that you
probably fly around in--
and where we're just
now entering that phase,
but we're still in that
fourth density classification.
OK.
>> So it's a spectrum.
>> Right.
>> It's an entire spectrum.
But the different
you're going to see--
because you humans are now
entering the fourth density
beginnings.
>> Right.
>> And we're toward the end.
The biggest difference
you're going
to see between the two of us is
what we call the egoic anchor.
>> OK.
>> So ours is not as
heavy, so to speak.
>> From your time of evolution,
if you can remember this
or have records of this
in your era, what was,
in relative years--
earth years, your
linear evolution
from beginnings of fourth
density to where you are now?
>> Well, the-- our--
looking at it linearly, we
went through very similar type
of evolution that you are
going through now, however,
we would say that our
challenges, as a species,
were different than yours.
So for us, a lot
of our challenges
had to do with
self-forgiveness, guilt, things
that we were holding on
to as a young species
that we then had to
learn how to transcend.
And for a very, very
long period of time,
those challenges for my species
really stopped our evolution
and almost destroyed
us as a species
because when you keep putting--
pushing down the
emotional things that
need to be explored, you can--
well, our species created
a plague, so to speak.
>> A plague, oh, wow.
>> Plague, yes.
Similar to what you might
call an immune plague where
a disease within our immune
systems was destroying us
and we had no idea what it was.
And we had to use
our connections
with, you might call
them the angels,
or the guardians of our species,
the guides of our species--
we had to connect with them
to find out what it was.
And what we found out was that
our pattern, as a species,
was that we were refusing
to look at and integrate
what you call the shadow.
>> OK.
Oh, I see.
>> So we were keeping
that separation.
And once we could
learn to integrate
the shadow and the
light within us,
this was a significant
nexus point
in our fourth
density evolution--
third fourth density evolution.
Once we were able to
make that integration,
then the plague healed
itself and our consciousness
began evolving.
>> Into fourth density.
>> Yes.
>> And was that a long time ago?
Or time wise, in a
linear sense, are you
able to put a time stamp on it?
>> Oh, it's very difficult
because, as you know,
timelines don't line up.
>> Sure.
>> But it was long enough ago--
if we were to pinpoint
a time on your world,
it would have been before
late, late dinosaur time.
>> OK.
So we're talking
thousands of years.
>> Millions.
>> Millions of years.
>> Yes.
>> In fourth density, right
now, since that evolution to it.
>> Again, the timelines
don't line up.
>> OK.
Right.
Yeah, I understand.
>> It's very-- it's really
impossible to answer.
The evolution--
generally speaking,
the evolution of
a physical species
does take a very,
very long time.
Now, it depends on the species.
It depends on the
genetic work that's
been done on the species.
It depends on what they're
holding on to, what
they're willing to let go of.
So everyone's
process is different.
>> Right.
Is it possible for
an individual--
because I've always--
through this--
these interactions,
I've learned that we all
create our own realities.
Is it possible for an
individual to go into a timeline
where the collective
evolution of the species
is accelerated, if the
individual is willing to do
that work, so to say.
And then-- and not
bypass the collective,
but go into a timeline where
that collective evolution
is super fast?
>> Well, that's really the
only way to change timelines.
It's not-- as you said, it's
not a matter of bypassing,
it's more a matter of resonance.
>> Right, OK.
>> So we've given--
we believe you've
heard it on tape,
we've given a little bit of what
we call the quantum map, which
talks about how the reality
stream or the time stream
is very similar to like
the blinking of eyes.
You don't notice your
eyes are blinking all day.
>> Right.
>> But that is
how the physical--
the physical universe continues
to express itself is through
bursts.
And each time-- it's like an
in breath and an out breath.
So each time there is
an in breath, which
is like the blinking
of an eye, you
realign with a new
frequency structure.
And that's how time--
that's how you, in a
sense, jump timelines.
We do have to say, though, that
the ego can not direct this
at all.
>> Right.
>> So.
>> So, so it's a release of
the ego in order to do that.
>> Exactly.
>> Right.
So it's not-- and,
consciously, there's almost--
it's almost-- you can't--
almost can't do it consciously
because of--
>> Exactly.
>> --the ego is part of
this conscious mental mind--
>> Exactly.
>> --where we have-- where
we're trying to guide,
where we're trying
to steer the ship.
>> Exactly.
>> And you have to sort of let
go of the steering wheel to get
there.
>> Exactly.
The ego has-- it has
very significant needs.
>> Right.
>> And it will always, let's
say, default to those needs--
>> Right.
>> --before it will default to
the evolution of consciousness.
>> Right.
>> Because then it
dies, so to speak.
Yes.
>> It's almost like going to
the mountain and doing the hard
training.
And, then, you know, after
all the hard training,
you realize that, you know, to
get to this enlightened state,
there's no training necessary.
>> Exactly, my dear.
Exactly.
>> Excellent.
So it-- I kind of
want to go back
to the Pleiades and
your star system now.
We have this definition
of the Pleiades--
>> Yes.
>> --of, you know, the--
is it the Six Sisters?
Seven Sisters?
>> Seven Sisters, yes.
>> Seven Sisters.
And there's obviously--
because if you
look through a micros--
or a telescope,
you can see a lot more stars
than just the seven stars
that we see.
>> Yes.
>> And then, obviously,
there's many planets on there.
And is it true?
Is it 444 light years away?
That's--
>> We-- we realize we did take a
tangent off into something else
from what you were asking.
Basically speaking,
we're actually
going to jump back
and answer part
of this question and the other
question that you had before.
Basically speaking, the beings
that you know of as Pleiadians
are not indigenous to the area
that you know of as Pleiades.
All right.
>> OK.
>> So we have, basically,
two genetic lines.
One comes from the ancient Lyra.
>> OK.
>> And one comes from the
ancient Lira combined with
Earth genetics.
That's another story,
perhaps for another time.
So there's two
different lines that
eventually colonized in the area
that you know of as Pleiades.
So not really the Seven Sisters.
However, in the
ancient days, when
my people would visit
your people on Earth,
and we would be asked
where are we from, well,
if we pointed to
those seven stars--
>> Right.
>> --in that direction,
they got the point.
>> I see.
I know you said save
it for another day.
But-- because I have
sort of this theory.
And I've been testing it.
And I'd like to test
it here a little bit.
>> All right.
>> That every star in the sky
is a potential timeline version
of humanity that we see.
So in a linear sense,
we're talking--
I'm talking to a future
version of humanity right now.
That's in one perspective of
a way of looking at things.
And I have a feeling
this other humanity
version that you
were just speaking of
might be closer to that theory.
>> Yes.
>> So we don't have to
go into too much depth,
but maybe just briefly touch
on that idea of humanity being
from the Pleiadian
idea mixed with humans?
>> Well, again, here we are with
two different ways to answer
this.
>> OK.
There's always two
sides of a coin.
>> There's always-- yes.
And not necessarily
that they're opposite,
but it's more that one is
linear and one is non-linear.
>> OK.
>> Now, the idea of humanity
being a mixture, well,
of course, it's no surprise to
you that you know that there is
a genetic connection between us.
>> Yes.
>> And it comes from many,
many different sources,
some of which is the Lyran--
the original Lyran
template DNA and Pleiadians
evolving from that.
And then, also, working
with the genetics on Earth.
But we find this idea
of simply looking
at it genetically
to be extremely
limiting because nobody
is indigenous to anywhere.
You are originally one.
>> Correct.
>> So again, we have
to use metaphor.
>> Yes.
>> If you take
holographic film--
and the nature of
holographic film
is that if we were to
take a picture of an apple
and then cut up the
film in tiny pieces,
each tiny little piece would
have the complete image
of the apple.
And it doesn't matter how
small you cut those pieces.
>> Right.
>> So consciousness is
fractal in that way.
>> Yes.
>> And therefore, no matter
if you are a lowly human,
so to speak, on Earth,
here, at this time,
you are fractally and
holographicly every other piece
as well.
>> Correct.
>> So in that sense, then, the
question is difficult to answer
because our default
setting is not linear.
>> Right.
>> And yet language is linear.
>> So you mean the Pleiadian--
where you are in
your evolution--
>> Yes.
>> --is not linear, correct?
>> And in our human
system, our human OS,
is sort of in a linear sense.
>> Yes.
>> So we're trying
to match those.
>> Yes.
But you're really shifting.
>> Yeah.
My understanding is
that the Pleiadian
is a very feminine energy.
Is that correct?
Or is it very balanced,
in that sense?
I always perceived, or
felt, more feminine energy,
archetypal energy, related
to the Pleiadian energy.
>> Yes.
Well, what you're going
to find with-- again,
not a simple answer
to the question--
what you're going to
find with my species,
as well as many
of the other core
species in your galactic family,
is that there's generally
three eras of development.
The first era is more
of the infant species.
And it is in that
first era where
the issues, let's say, of each
species that need to be healed,
come up.
All right.
And then the second
era tends to be
the healing period when
the integration starts,
the healing happens.
The third era, which is,
of course, the mature era,
is when awakening, as
a species, happens.
So my species,
particularly, is felt
as feminine in all three eras,
which is really interesting.
And it's kind of rare because
many of the other species
are more felt masculine.
>> OK.
>> But the reason we are felt
more feminine in all three eras
is because as follows.
First era, we already
told you that the tendency
for my species was to not
want to look at the shadow.
So we were kind of floating
around in the spiritual bubble.
>> Right.
>> All right, which is actually
an unbalanced feminine energy.
>> Mm-hmm.
>> OK.
Then, when you go
to the second era,
and the integration happens,
integration, or the act
of integration,
by its very nature
is feminine because
it's inclusive.
So all of that integration was
creating a movement inward,
which is a very feminine energy.
And then, of course,
in the third era,
which is the awakened
era, you have a species
that is very balanced
male female energy that
is in an awakened state.
And to a separated
consciousness on Earth,
that state feels very feminine.
>> So that's why I--
we're-- you know, myself and
other people get that feeling.
>> Exactly.
And-- and this is going
into some other races,
but I was told that--
my understanding is
that the Anunnaki
were a hybrid race of Pleiadian
and Draconian energies.
Is that-- do you see it
from that perspective?
>> No.
We're going to be a little
bit of a rebel, here.
>> Sure.
>> Because the word Anunnaki
in your Sumerian language,
as far as we understand
the definition,
means those who have come down.
>> OK.
>> So Anunnaki is
meaning, basically,
those who came from the heavens.
>> OK.
>> So they were not one species.
>> I see.
>> They were many.
Oh, OK.
That-- well, that clears
up a lot of stuff.
A lot of questions I had.
>> Yes.
>> So that-- that
is interesting.
You know, we were trying
to figure out why--
where did the Anunnaki
get all this DNA
for their enslavement game
of, you know, making--
the old story of enslaving--
making humans for slaves--
>> Yes.
>> --for mining gold.
>> And that was only one
particular family that did
that.
>> OK.
>> But as you know, they're the
ones that get the bad rap, yes?
>> Right.
Right.
>> The rotten apple
spoils the bunch.
>> I see.
So speaking of DNA and when that
race of beings, or that family,
took all these various DNAs
from different star systems
and created the human
structure, is there,
I guess, protocols-- or
galactic protocols that says,
hey, wait a minute.
You can't take that
DNA if you're going
to use it for that purpose.
You know, I would imagine
that there would be something
of that sort going on.
Unless-- in the sense
of enslavement--
how did that work
in the beginning?
Or was there this--
again, this--
there had to be an
agreement of sorts,
otherwise it wouldn't
have happened.
>> Of course, there's
always an agreement.
>> Yeah.
>> However, again,
we have to say that--
we have to look at it from
a non-human perspective.
Now, you're quite familiar with
other channeled information
and such talking
about, basically,
if something is happening,
or something is arising,
there must be a higher purpose.
And that is not, in any
way, meant to be a cop out.
All right.
It's simply the way
the universe works.
>> Sure.
>> There is no mistakes--
>> Absolutely.
>> --in creation.
Now, in those
ancient days, we have
to say that your Earth,
or your solar system,
could be likened to what you
call the wild, wild west.
>> Yeah.
Feels like that
today, still, but--
>> Well, yes, it is.
It is.
But it's a little bit
more colonized now.
>> Sure.
>> So it was an isolated place.
And because of that
isolation, a lot went on,
that was very fragmented
with groups, one group having
one agenda, one group having
another agenda and conflicts
and things such as that.
All because these
forefathers of yours
were a very young species.
This doesn't happen
with older species.
Only with younger ones.
>> I see.
So you sort of answered
the question earlier,
that, yes, there was some
sort of higher purpose.
And therefore, these other
races sort of lend their DNA
for this higher purpose.
>> Yes.
>> It wasn't stolen or
taken and put-- you know,
I'm going to go drug the
Arcturian and then grab some
DNA or some mojo--
>> Yes.
That makes a wonderful
science fiction movie.
>> Sure.
>> But it's not quite
the way things work.
>> Sure.
>> One of the things that we've
said to many people, sometimes,
that ask questions about this
is that from the perspective
outside of the Earth, or from
a fourth density perspective,
let's say, this idea of the
sharing of DNA and the shaping
of cultures using DNA is
actually a very natural
process.
It's kind of like pollination--
>> Right.
>> --on your world.
And when you look at
it-- when you remove
the victim-perpetrator idea--
>> Right.
>> --which is really only
applicable in a very polarized
third density reality, then
the whole paradigm changes,
actually.
>> Right.
>> But the question,
then, is why?
Why do people have
these experiences
of being a victim and
things such as that.
>> Sure.
>> Why do those
buttons get pushed?
Well, when you are a
third-density species,
in a sense, you
can say there are
many passages, spiritual
passages, that you
have to go through in order
to evolve your consciousness
on the way to fourth density.
One of those passages has
to do with the healing
of the clinging to the idea
of victim and perpetrator.
And many civilizations get
stuck there for millennia.
And so when you
have-- well, we're
bringing in another
tangent, here.
>> No, that's fine.
>> But when you have the
situation with the Zetas
and the so-called abductions,
it triggered the same issues
humanity has been playing out
for so many thousands of years,
but this time from space.
Are there victims?
Are there perpetrators?
And on the individual
level of those
who were claiming abduction,
the reason it's happening
is because they have to
pass through that gate
in order to shift
their consciousness
and integrate the polarity
within themselves.
And then, on a
collective level, it
happens on a collective
level, as well,
that changing of the paradigm.
And therefore, a passage
into fourth density
can be made, or one of
the steps of the passage.
>> So without the
Zeta abduction,
temporary detainment,
experience, then,
we wouldn't even have the
opportunity to heal that wound
to move into fourth density.
>> Exactly.
Or you would have
re-created something else.
>> Some other scenario.
>> Yes.
>> Yeah, we would have.
But at least we got
to have it in that way
so we could connect
to our cosmic family.
>> Exactly.
>> As opposed to, you know,
making another story on Earth.
>> Yes, because in the
Orion civilization,
they didn't create that-- the
healing of that through the ET
contact.
They created it through
a domineering empire.
>> Right.
And that was the Orion Wars?
>> Yes.
>> Was-- was the Pleiadian--
your society involved in those
wars?
>> Shamefully, yes.
We're making a joke.
>> Right.
>> Now, again, those
conflicts lasted for a very,
very long time.
So there was a period of time,
when my species was very young,
that our mindset was
kind of like a teenager
in your human counting.
You know, gung ho, do this,
jump in without thinking
of the consequences.
>> Right.
>> And so we did that.
And as you say in
your vernacular,
got our asses kicked.
And that brought up
the issues of the guilt
and all that kind of stuff that
we had to work on as a species
in order to make our shift.
So in that way, there's
nothing extraneous.
>> So now, obviously, that
period of time is over
and, hopefully, the Orion--
and we say now.
And obviously time--
and I guess, you know,
I'm just-- where you
are with your evolution,
you've cleared that up.
You've been through that.
You've had this-- we have the
story of the Orion Wars to tell
to-- so we can keep--
you heal--
>> Yes.
>> --some future generations.
Because hey, we've been
there, we've done that.
>> Yes.
And there are some residuals
finishing up on your world,
as well.
>> Right.
With the Orion Wars.
>> Yes.
>> OK.
And because again-- so I've--
you know, I've
heard this analogy
that everything that's
happening on Earth is sort of--
the micro and the macro, so--
>> Yes.
>> --you know, if we go
back just 20 years maybe
in our timeline, then the Orion
Wars are still happening kind
of in a way, depending on which
timeline we're in, I guess.
>> It really depends on what
you are connecting with,
energetically.
>> Right.
And so that-- instead of looking
at it from a linear sense,
the vibrational frequency
of where we're at,
if we're vibrating
at that frequency,
then, yes, the Orion
Wars are still happening.
>> Exactly.
>> OK.
>> For instance, people in your
world who live in the Middle
East, who are embroiled in
extreme polarity and extreme
control--
>> Yeah.
>> --are directly connecting,
still, to that era of Orion.
>> Right.
>> Whereas, perhaps, you,
in your daily life, are not.
>> Correct.
I see.
So instead of seeing time
linearly in that sense,
it's just more of a
vibrational frequency.
>> Yes, and it's very fluid.
>> Right.
And that-- so we can sort of see
time in our daily lives, too.
And if we can see everything
as a vibrational frequency,
then, maybe we can get through,
navigate through this frequency
soup, I like to call
it, a little bit easier.
>> Yes.
You're in a very--
as you well know, you're in
a very interesting time right
now, because in a sense you have
one foot in third density, one
foot in fourth.
You're taking the foot
out of third density.
But because it's a
spectrum, and there's
a gradation as the
energy changes,
you're still going
to have challenges
with the old way of doing
things as the new structures are
arising.
>> Right.
>> So this is really the most
tenuous time and also the most
challenging one.
>> Right.
But also the most--
>> Exciting.
>> --exciting because the
shift, the daily shifts,
are happening at such an
exponential rate that we really
can take notice.
>> Yes.
>> And see these changes.
>> And that's exciting.
>> Exactly, yes.
>> Exciting.
>> And it's exciting
for us to watch, too.
>> Right.
Exactly.
With that said, there's this--
I was going to save this for
later, but we're getting--
we're having this conversation
with Lisa and Ron,
earlier, about the-- we
call it the Mandela Effect,
is the internet terminology
for what seems to be,
from one perspective, a
shifting of timelines.
>> Yes.
>> And it's almost
now been labeled.
Now, we have a
collective name for it.
And we're seeing pieces
in our history shifting
from the way we remember it.
>> Yes.
>> And we're going back and
reviewing movies and tangible,
physical things, that the
way we remembered them,
they weren't that way before.
>> Yes.
>> Is this the actual
shifting of timelines?
>> It is the you--
as we were just talking about a
moment ago, time is more fluid.
>> Right.
>> When you are rooted,
let's say, in third density,
time feels and is perceived
as being more fixed.
But now you're moving more
into a fluid sense of time.
And that means,
then, that you are--
again, it's a metaphor.
It's the limit of the language.
>> Sure.
>> You are spending more
time in the quantum state
of consciousness where
all possibilities exist.
>> Right.
>> And you are, thus, able to--
remember, we were talking
about the blinking in and out,
or the in and out breath.
>> Right.
>> You are able to shift the
timelines much more rapidly.
But in the past
when you did it, you
didn't remember
the previous one.
But now, as you are spending
more time in the quantum,
you're becoming more
familiar and comfortable
with that energy, that
you're starting to remember
the other parallels.
Not in a schizophrenic
way, but in a way
that's meant to just tell--
that's meant to just show you--
>> Right.
>> --look how fluid you are
becoming, you are unlocking.
>> And that's where the
excitement-- you know,
this is--
>> Yes.
So now, you're beginning
to see that the future--
you've always seen
the future as fluid,
but now, you're seeing
the past as fluid, too.
>> Exactly.
And-- and we can rewrite
the story if we want to.
>> Yes, but the ego can
never rewrite anything.
>> Ah, the ego.
Yes.
>> Yes, yes, ah, the ego.
>> Interesting.
>> This is where people who do
manifestation work get stuck.
>> Ah, yes.
>> Because the ego
takes over the show.
>> Right.
I can see that.
I can absolutely see that.
So we want to rewrite the
story, but we can't really
rewrite the story.
We just have to--
we can't rewrite the past
story, but we can rewrite
the now story with our choices.
>> Yes.
You can rewrite the now story.
Now, when we talk about now,
we're talking about now.
>> Right.
>> And now.
And now.
We're not talking about
one second from now.
>> Sure.
>> All right.
So the only thing, then,
that you have in the now
is your experience of the now.
>> Right.
>> So therefore, what you
are really rewriting is
your experience of the now--
>> Right.
>> --which really has to do with
your interpretation of the now.
>> And that, depending
on that interpretation,
will set us on a specific
vibrational frequency.
>> Exactly.
>> And then, depending on
that vibrational frequency,
we see the past rewrite itself.
>> Exactly.
So if your interpretation of the
now is one of victimization--
>> Sure.
>> --guess what
you're going to get.
>> We're going to get a past
history of Zetas abducting you
every night against your will.
>> Yes.
>> And if you are at a
vibrational frequency
of non-victimization,
empowerment, then,
you're going to be going on the
ships and donating your stuff
instead of actually being
taken against your will.
>> Yes.
And even-- getting out--
getting out of the ET stuff--
even we're talking about,
is your boss picking
on you at work?
>> Sure.
>> So we're even talking
about the human stuff here.
>> Right.
Right.
And then, shifting
that perspective,
shifting that now moment,
now all of a sudden your boss
is not picking on you, but got
a greater plan or, you know,
something, some other story.
>> Exactly.
And this brings in
the whole other aspect
of the emotional body because
the ego, the insidious ego--
we say that with love
because the ego is simply
a neutral mechanism.
But the insidious ego
will continue its dialogue
with you that will
tell you, well,
if you're not shifting this
now, you're not very spiritual.
You're bad.
You're failing.
And that that just
further entrenches--
>> Right.
>> --the anchor of the ego.
>> So it's just a big lesson
of allowance and acceptance.
>> Exactly.
Exactly.
>> And just being, really.
And not the knee jerk reactions.
>> Exactly.
And watching yourself
so that you can
see your habits and patterns.
And that's the key
to your freedom.
>> And by-- you're right, I see.
And by embracing those
emotions when they come,
as opposed to pushing them away.
>> Exactly.
>> OK.
So I was wondering in our
native cultures, in the past,
we have had--
across the world we've had,
obviously, we've had pyramids,
and we've had native
cultures with high ideals.
Native American Indians,
Peruvian, Amazonian tribes
that have really, when
we look at it now,
a highly evolved sense
of being and way of life.
>> Yes.
>> Were those cultures,
where those beings,
at a higher density?
Were they fourth density?
>> Well.
>> Or were they still third?
>> It depends on the era.
>> OK.
>> Because civilizations
have a tendency--
physical civilizations will
have a tendency of cycling from
third to fourth density,
sometimes repeating it.
>> OK.
>> Until the time is
right for the shift.
>> I see.
>> OK.
But you're going to find that
with the indigenous species
on your planet, or
the indigenous races,
excuse us, on your planet that
even though they are halfway
around the world
from each other,
your struck by the similarities.
>> Correct.
>> And pyramids and practices
and things such as that.
Two main reasons for this.
One is because of the
ET influence, of course.
Another is because a lot of
those structures and practices
came from Vegan mysticism,
which came to Earth from Mars,
originally.
>> OK.
>> So that's why there is--
if you could really see
the history of
your solar system,
you would see the continuity.
>> Right, the linear--
>> And then, going all
the way back to Vega.
>> I see.
So the Vegans, did
they colonize Mars?
>> Yes.
>> They colonized
Mars very early on.
They colonized Mars
well before the Earth
was even stable for colonies.
>> Oh, OK.
And the destruction of Mars--
I've heard that there was--
some say there was
a nuclear event.
There was-- where--
or is that just because of
the density that we're in,
we perceive it that way?
>> Yes.
Actually, we've given
a session on this,
but Germaine, who
gave the session,
has never really spoken
specifically about it.
However, what he has said
is that there were a--
there was a series of events.
Some were cataclysmic
with asteroids and things
such as that.
Some were political.
Some things-- so everything, a
perfect storm, you might say.
>> I see.
There's the idea or
the talk of Meldek
being a planet within
our solar system
that now makes up
the Kuiper Belt.
>> Yes, yes.
Similar history to Mars.
>> OK.
I was going to say, did Mars
come after the destruction of--
did Mars-- does destruction--
>> It was parallel.
>> Parallel, OK.
>> Yes.
>> And then, our moon, did
it come from the Meldek
civilization?
Or is that-- because I've
heard different variations
of the moon being
artificial, put into place.
>> It's not artificial, per
se, but it's been, let's say,
terraformed.
>> Terraformed.
OK.
>> Yes.
>> Was it native to our planet?
Or was it sort of put there?
>> It was not native.
Let's say, it was a wanderer.
>> OK.
A wanderer and it
found its position.
>> Yes.
>> And it fixed.
>> OK.
Was there-- so is
it its own celestial
being with consciousness?
>> Yes.
>> Light?
>> When we think of artificial,
we think that there's been some
sort of outside manipulation--
>> Yes.
>> --done to it.
>> But even that outside
artificial manipulation,
in a way, is still part
of that consciousness.
>> Yes.
>> Like Earth right now, we're
making genetically-modified
foods and chemically enhancing
and doing all kinds of things.
But it's still
naturally artificial.
[LAUGHING]
>> There you go.
Yes.
It doesn't mean
it's not harmful--
>> Right.
>> --necessarily.
But, you know, it's the whole
idea of what consciousness is.
Consciousness
permeates everything,
so can you ever take a slice
and make it not consciousness?
No.
>> I see.
>> It's just a difference of
whether it's dormant or aware
of itself or not.
Now, in terms of
planets, however--
>> Yes.
>> --and especially suns, you're
going to find that what you
call the core of the planet
or the sun is an entry point--
exit and entry
point, dimensionally.
So this is why celestial
bodies have consciousness.
Because the consciousness,
literally the consciousness
of creation, breathes
itself in and out
through those
portals in the center
of the core of whether
it's a sun or a planet.
So-- and we're talking--
you know, we're not
necessarily talking
about a rock flying in space.
>> Right.
>> We're talking more about
a planetary body that even
perhaps has a slight
gravitational field.
>> So the weather--
which most planetary bodies
do have a gravitational field.
>> Yes.
>> And I love that we're
going into area I wasn't even
planning to go to.
>> We can feel your excitement.
>> So this idea that the--
was it-- I don't know
if it was Einstein.
The size of the celestial object
dictates the gravitational
field on one sense is correct,
but I've sort of seen gravity
as electric, and not
necessary-- well,
I guess the whole universe
is electric in that sense,
electricity, but that doesn't
necessarily mean the size
of the--
is that true across all planets?
>> Yes.
It's not really
dictated by size.
>> OK.
>> Because gravity has much
more to it than just the size
factor.
>> OK.
Good.
That's sort of what
I was wanting to ask
and I was-- hard to
formulate a question there.
But yes, so gravitational
pull doesn't necessarily--
mass doesn't necessarily
dictate the strength
of the gravitational pull.
>> Exactly.
>> OK.
And--
>> More often than not,
you'll see the correlation.
>> OK.
>> But it doesn't mean one
is caused by the other.
>> OK.
That's what I thought.
And in our sun's case,
as you were saying,
it's sort of a portal
and we're getting--
that's our life
force is the sun.
Now, if we were to move
to another solar body
galaxy, or solar system, and--
would we then shift our being?
Would we no longer become human?
Would we become a new--
because now we're getting
our energy downloads
from a new celestial being,
would we become a new species?
>> OK.
So this is definitely
hypothetical.
>> Yes.
>> Because at this point,
humans cannot go and try out--
>> Sure.
>> And try it out, yes.
And also because
of the limitation
of human consciousness to
traverse space right now.
Because right now,
human consciousness
is tied to the
gravitational field
of its planet and its sun.
And this is a metaphor--
a macrocosmic metaphor
for how the ego is the
anchor for you on a planet.
>> OK.
Because the ego is
like a black hole.
Same function, so to speak.
However, as you move into fourth
density, deeper and deeper
into fourth density, and
the anchor that is ego
and individuality becomes
metaphorically lighter,
therefore, you're
able, in a sense,
to escape the
gravitational field
and not be influenced
so much by it.
So space travel becomes
no longer traveling
on the surface of space.
It, instead, becomes
traveling through space
or becoming one with space in
a very, very different way.
So we had to lay that
groundwork in order
to answer your question.
>> Sure.
OK.
>> Right now, if you were to be
picked up and taken to another
planet in another solar
system, it would be very,
very hard to make
the adaptation.
>> OK.
But if you were more
deeper into fourth density
in terms of your evolution, thus
your egoic anchor was lighter,
it would be easier for you
to go through a metamorphosis
if you were planted, so to
speak, in another solar system.
It would be easier.
>> And is that--
going to the hybrid
programs for the Zetas--
is that-- part of that
creating new beings, so to say,
and populating new planets
and new star systems,
or new solar systems,
with new DNA?
>> Yes.
It's one of the reasons
why hybridization
is the better chosen
method than colonization.
>> I see.
>> Unless the circumstances
are such that where
you're colonizing
is very similar--
>> Right.
>> --hybridization is
much more appropriate,
which is why the original Lyrans
in the very ancient times began
the programs on Earth,
the genetic work on Earth,
because they needed to
create that hybridization
for their future incarnations.
Colonization was not
a comfortable option.
>> I see.
So when we even--
what if it was within
our solar system,
like Mars, if we were to
go to Mars or go to Venus?
Is that a--
>> It would be easier.
However-- and again, we're
speaking metaphorically.
This is basically-- we're going
to make this simple so you
understand, but let's say that--
let's say each of the
planets represents
an energy of a chakra, OK?
Earth being solar plexus chakra.
Let's say, then, that you
moved to another planet that
represents another chakra.
Basically, what you're
going to experience
is a similar structure, but
the aspects of that chakra
will need to come into play--
>> I see.
>> --more or be activated more.
And that's the kind
of the system--
the macrocosmic system
in a given solar system.
>> I see.
And if we were to do
that, we would need,
probably, technology
to aid in that life
force sustaining, you know, not
just air and everything else,
but, energetically, we would--
>> Yes.
>> --either have to do it--
do the work ourselves or have
an external technology.
>> Yes, but, actually, we see
that the most important thing
you would need to colonize a
moon of Jupiter or whatever is
actually mentors,
extraterrestrial mentors.
>> I see.
To help--
>> To help.
>> --with--
>> Yep.
>> --explain more than what
we physically know right now.
>> Exactly.
>> Because we only see such
as a small sliver of what is.
>> Exactly.
>> I See.
>> And that can
help out with that.
>> Yes.
>> Now, you know, I've heard
stories that humanity has
a breakaway civilization of a
secret space program, per se,
that we've been--
individuals from humanity
in the '50s and '60s
worked together to sort of start
colonizing our solar system.
>> Yes.
>> And started
doing this already.
And a lot of this whistleblower
stuff is coming out now.
And we're sort of
being made aware.
And then, hopefully, we can join
our own family back with us.
But they had--
I guess, they did have Draconian
assistance in their evolution
to colonize.
Is that-- am I
correct using that?
>> Well, we're going to say
there's truth and distortion.
>> OK.
Now, when truth
starts coming out,
there is a whole
faction on your world
that works very hard
to distort the truth
through sensationalistic things,
or red herrings, as you say.
So there is also a lot of that.
The researchers, themselves,
having good intentions
are given very, what seems to be
for them, credible information,
that isn't really credible.
So the truth gets
buried at another layer.
>> Sure.
>> So there is a lot
of different things.
This is why we don't talk
so much about this stuff.
It's also not our
mission, so to speak.
>> Sure, sure.
>> However, we can say,
just very basically, yes,
secret space programs.
Yes, the powers that
be, if you will,
are quite aware
that Mars was once
a thriving
civilization, that there
are things happening on the
moon, et cetera, et cetera.
>> OK.
Very good.
We don't need to go
into any more details.
>> Yes.
Not our forte.
>> Not yet.
Not until-- it'll all
develop in the way
it's supposed to develop.
>> Yes.
>> Very good.
I think we're
winding down, here.
The Japanese energy
healing Reiki.
Lisa told me the mountain
to go to where I can
find where it was developed.
But was that--
I think the founder even
said it came from the cosmos.
>> Yes.
>> It was downloaded to him
through this sort of cosmic
energy.
Did that come from a specific
star system or some beings?
>> Yes.
Again, we very often use some
of the star names as archetypes.
But we see that the--
well, the legends
of Mount Kurama--
>> Yes.
>> --which is the mountain
we're talking about in Kyoto,
are that.
Beings from Venus--
>> OK.
>> --originally, two
million years ago,
came to that mountain.
Now, the question then is,
did the founder of Reiki
tap into Venus energy?
We would say that Venus, itself,
is a portal through which
other cosmic energy can come.
We see the Reiki energy as
being much more connected
to Arcturist energy.
>> Oh, OK.
>> It's very, very balanced
and very powerful in its
simplicity.
>> Mm-hmm.
And is that a representation,
then, of Arcturist, is
balance and simple?
>> Balance, simple.
You have also termed
it the angelic realm.
>> Mm-hmm.
>> It's a realm of--
>> OK, I see.
>> --integration where mental,
emotional, male, female,
et cetera, is all balanced.
It is also an energy that
is very easy for humans
to tap into when they
allow themselves to do so.
>> I've heard analogies.
They're like the
Jedis in Star Wars.
You know, the Arcturians,
they're sort of always
wearing robes and
sort of in that--
>> While, that's
how they're seen.
Yes.
>> How they're perceived.
How we perceive them
as, sort of masters.
>> Because mostly they
are sixth density,
so they're not physical
in that way any longer.
>> Very masterful.
And even, I've heard throughout
our galaxy and universe,
many other beings
sort of go there to do
pilgrimages and homework and--
>> Yes.
>> You know, and go to--
Sasha, have you been
to Arcturian system
to do some study and work?
Or--
>> Well, in my time
frame, the, you might say,
high Arcturian
civilization is long gone.
>> Oh.
OK.
>> Because they have gone into
they're ascension process.
>> Oh, I see.
OK.
>> So when people are
talking about that,
they are talking about--
again, we're going
off the timelines--
>> Sure.
>> --a past era--
>> Right.
>> --of the civilization.
>> When there was a
physical version to visit.
>> Yes.
>> I see.
So the-- I'm not sure if it was
you who mentioned this, but--
it may have been har--
the Sirius energy, the way
they-- sort of their evolution
is they tapped into
their emotional body
through their mental
pineal gland direction.
>> Yes.
>> You know, and that was sort
of their evolutionary state.
Took them a while.
But through the
mental body, they
were actually able to access
their emotional bodies.
>> Yes.
They took the back door.
>> They took the back door.
Which is fascinating.
And you know, I see so many
similarities in humanity
where we get very mental.
>> Yes.
>> And I was wondering--
I've been working a lot with the
Amazonian medicine, ayahuasca.
And the chemical compound, which
induces a psychedelic trance
state, is DMT,
dimethyltryptamine,
which is very--
I see it very third eye
going into that state.
And that's sort of resonated
when I heard that download
because it feels that's
a similar path using
this medicine in a mental way to
connect to the emotional body.
>> Yes.
It's similar to the work the
Sirians did, but with a booster
rocket.
>> With a booster--
so they-- the ayahuasca
is the booster rocket?
>> The ayahuasca is
the booster rocket.
>> OK.
>> The Sirians, being that
their lineage is Vegan,
are very hard core.
And they didn't--
for most of the time,
didn't like to use help--
>> Sure.
>> --so to speak.
But humans like
shortcuts sometimes.
And we don't mean that
in any way disrespectful.
>> Right.
>> But it's like a booster
rocket for the same idea.
>> I see.
>> If it's used
properly, of course.
>> Right.
And the energy of
the ayahuasca spirit
that the shamans speak of,
this Grandmother Earth energy,
that's the way I've
always seen her,
is this almost a collective
unconditional love,
Mother Earth energy.
>> Yes.
>> That being, I was wondering
on a galactic scale--
how do the other ET races
interact with that energy?
Do they interact?
And is that part of--
is that part of the Earth's
collective consciousness?
>> It is part of the Earth's
collective consciousness.
And it goes back to some of what
we were talking about in terms
of how every planet, every
sun has its own consciousness.
>> OK.
>> And so from the point of
view of an ET, such as myself,
whenever we come to a planet
to do any type of work
as an offering or as a service,
we have to get permission from
that collective consciousness.
>> I see.
>> First and foremost.
So you, as humans, are
moving toward this as well,
in terms of recognizing
your own planet as a living
consciousness.
And of course, once you
do, everything changes.
>> Oh, I already have.
And tapping into that energy
is-- it's so beautiful.
And I'm working
with the medicine
and working with the shamans
and our indigenous cultures who
have been working with this
energy for thousands of years.
>> Thousands of years.
>> With or without the medicine.
You know, the medicine is
just a permission slip--
>> Exactly.
>> --to talk to this energy.
But it's so beautiful.
And I'm just assuming that
that collective energy
is interacting with the
Pleiadian collective energies
on--
and other Sirian collectives--
>> Yes.
>> --on a greater
galactic scale of--
>> Yes.
We have to.
We have to do it that way.
>> So with that--
would she be part of the
association of worlds?
>> Yes.
Yes.
>> I see.
Interesting.
OK, well, thank you so much.
>> Now that we hear the
wheels going with that one.
>> Oh, there's so more.
I know I could go on forever.
But I want to honor
everybody's time.
And we've got lots of
great stuff to share here.
So thank you so
much for everything.
I'll leave it open just for
one last thing, if Sasha
wants to share anything for me.
I've heard that maybe--
>> My brother.
Yes.
>> I heard that--
I heard that earlier.
So--
>> There is another you in
my time stream, my dear.
And he is much more
flamboyant than you.
It's a he.
>> Flamboyant?
>> Flamboyant, actually.
In a-- we don't--
maybe not what you're imagining.
>> OK.
>> He doesn't wear rainbow
streamers or anything.
>> OK.
>> But he's very
excited and gregarious,
even more than you
are as a human.
And whenever he-- he's involved
a lot in some of the contact
work, in general,
introducing planets--
new planets to the
galactic community.
And whenever he is present, he,
let's say, lightens the mood.
Not that it's ever
a somber mood.
>> Sure.
>> But it's always he is always
a welcomed invite to a party,
let's say.
>> Excellent, excellent.
>> So just tap into that
and see what you can get.
>> I would--
I always love parties.
>> Excellent.
>> And lightening the mood.
So that's very much so.
I resonate with that.
Does he have a name?
>> Let's see.
Again, of course, it would
have to be translated
into an English concept.
>> OK.
>> No, of course.
We are receiving Japanese.
>> Oh.
>> Or Japanese sound, at least.
>> Sure.
>> We have the
first two syllables.
Just a moment.
[SPEAKING JAPANESE]
>> Oh, very nice.
Nice to know.
>> Recognizing that that
is not really his name,
much as Sasha is not my name.
>> Sure.
OK.
>> But energetically--
>> Yes.
>> --a close vibrational match.
>> OK.
>> Yes.
>> Very, very thankful.
Thank you so much for sharing.
>> Well, thank you for the
very stimulating conversation.
We have enjoyed it quite much.
And thank you, Ronald,
also, for your energy.
>> Yes.
>> We can feel you over there.
And then, for now,
we wish you much--
first of all, much
excitement on your journey
and good luck with the project.
>> Thank you.
>> Much luck.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[LAUGHING]
>> Holy crap.
>> How was that?
>> Wow.
>> Yeah.
Time flew by.
>> It flew by.
Totally.
[MUSIC PLAYING]